Obviously never asked for extravagant
It's you who keep saying you want to take me away
Why are you? What about you?
You used me from the beginning
Have you ever given a little sincerity?
Is there? You're right.
I brought it upon myself
I know there is no result
He also lied to himself
It's just a game.
One Day
Why don't you tell him?
He is the girl from ten years ago
Tell him and then what?
Make him fall in love
Did he kill the son of his father's enemy?
So what are you going to do?
Find Shen Yu
Avenge him
And then...
Then leave him
If I'm destined to let you go
I'd rather all my secrets never be discovered by you
Miss Xu, please come with us.
Who are you?